Add AWS Serverless Forwarder to Obs Guide (#2214)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/configure-elastic-serverless-forwarder.asciidoc

You can view the execution role associated with your function from the **Configuration -> Permissions** section. By default this role starts with the name **serverlessrepo-elastic-se-ElasticServerlessForward-**. When the role is created, a custom policy is added to grant Lambda minimum permissions to be able to use the configured SQS queue, S3 buckets, Kinesis data stream, CloudWatch Logs log groups, Secrets manager (if using), and SQS replay queue.

// check custom policy i.e. when and by whom

The Lambda function is granted the following `ManagedPolicyArns` permissions. These are automatically added by default if relevant to the Events configuration:

[source, bash]
----
arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole
arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSLambdaKinesisExecutionRole
arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSLambdaSQSQueueExecutionRole
----

In addition to these basic permissions, the following permissions are added when the function is created:

> // <!-- how? by whom?-->:

Reviewer: automatically: by the cloudformation template of the forwarder

the user provides ARNs of AWS resources the Forwarder will "interact" with and the CF template generate the proper IAM role with the proper IAM policies

Author: Thanks, have added

:aws: AWS

[[configure-elastic-serverless-forwarder]]
= Configure Elastic Serverless Forwarder

++++
<titleabbrev>Configure</titleabbrev>
++++
:keywords: serverless
:description: Configure the Elastic Serverless Forwarder to collect logs from Amazon Web Services ({aws}) and send the data to Elastic.

// add overview context i.e. what is created on deployment, what needs to be done next, contextualise and link to sample config

[[lambda-permissions-policies]]
== Permissions and policies

A Lambda function's execution role is an {aws} Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that grants the function permission to access {aws} services and resources. This role is automatically created when the function is deployed and Lambda assumes this role when the function is invoked.

When you provide the ARNs of {aws} resources the forwarder will interact with, the Cloudformation template will create the correct IAM role with the appropriate IAM policies.

> You can view the execution role associated with your function from the **Configuration -> Permissions** section. By default this role starts with the name **serverlessrepo-elastic-se-ElasticServerlessForward-**. When the role is created, a custom policy is added to grant Lambda minimum permissions to be able to use the configured SQS queue, S3 buckets, Kinesis data stream, CloudWatch Logs log groups, Secrets manager (if using), and SQS replay queue.

Reviewer 2: Could not test this step... serverlessrepo-elastic-se-ElasticServerlessForward does not exist for me under Lambda > Functions. I see this, but I'm using a shared environment.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14206422/195956541-1c23b5e5-617e-4d7e-a2ee-8129c88b99f8.png)

> You can view the execution role associated with your function from the **Configuration -> Permissions** section. By default this role starts with the name **serverlessrepo-elastic-se-ElasticServerlessForward-**. When the role is created, a custom policy is added to grant Lambda minimum permissions to be able to use the configured SQS queue, S3 buckets, Kinesis data stream, CloudWatch Logs log groups, Secrets manager (if using), and SQS replay queue.

Reviewer: you are right @dedemorton 

the proper name is now:
`**serverlessrepo-elastic-se-ApplicationElasticServer-**`

I forgot to update it in the readme on the repo when it was renamed

The Lambda function is granted the following `ManagedPolicyArns` permissions. These are automatically added by default if relevant to the Events configuration:

[source, bash]
----
arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole
arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSLambdaKinesisExecutionRole
arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSLambdaSQSQueueExecutionRole
----

In addition to these basic permissions, the following permissions are added when the function is created by the Cloudformation template of the function:

> * For SQS queue resources specified in the `SQS_CONTINUE_URL` and `SQS_REPLAY_URL` environment variables, the following action is allowed:
> 
>   `sqs:SendMessage`

Reviewer 3: Is there a specific reason to format these list items like this? Could we just use:

```suggestion
* For SQS queue resources specified in the `SQS_CONTINUE_URL` and `SQS_REPLAY_URL` environment variables, the following action is allowed: `sqs:SendMessage`.
```

Author: I think the last one included two allowed actions on separate lines but the rest are just single items and I agree it's better without the extra line break

* For S3 bucket resources specified in the `S3_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable, the following action is allowed on the S3 buckets' config file object key:

  `s3:GetObject`

> * For every S3 bucket resource that SQS queues are receiving notifications from, the following action is allowed on the S3 buckets:
> 
>   `s3:ListBucket`
> 
> * For every S3 bucket resource that SQS queues are receiving notifications from, the following action is allowed on the S3 buckets' keys:
> 
>   `s3:GetObject`

Reviewer 3: Is this still accurate? 

```suggestion
* For every S3 bucket resource sending notifications to SQS queues, the following action is allowed on the S3 buckets:

  `s3:ListBucket`

* For every S3 bucket resource sending notifications to SQS queues, the following action is allowed on the S3 buckets' keys:

  `s3:GetObject`
```

Author: I think so (made changes locally) though tagging @aspacca for sanity check

Reviewer: oki for me

> * For every Secret Manager secret that you want to refer in the yaml configuration file, the following action is allowed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* For every Secret Manager secret that you want to refer in the yaml configuration file, the following action is allowed:
```

I'd also choose one style and stick with it across files:

* `config.yaml` file
* config YAML file
* YAML configuration file

// <!-- more detail? cf. on what above-->:

  `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue`

> * For every decrypt key that's not the default one used to encrypt your Secret Manager secrets with, the following action is allowed:

Reviewer 3: The first part of this sentence is quite difficult to parse.

Author: Yeah, agreed - how about?

> * Excepting the default key used to encrypt your Secret Manager secrets with, the following action is allowed for every decrypt key: `kms:Decrypt`

  `kms:Decrypt`

> * If any CloudWatch Logs log groups are set as Lambda inputs, the following actions are allowed for the resource
> 
>   `arn:aws:logs:%AWS_REGION%:%AWS_ACCOUNT_ID%:log-group:*:*`:
>   `logs:DescribeLogGroups`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* If any CloudWatch Logs log groups are set as Lambda inputs, the following actions are allowed for the resource:
** `arn:aws:logs:%AWS_REGION%:%AWS_ACCOUNT_ID%:log-group:*:*`
** `logs:DescribeLogGroups`
```
